you're driving along and the sun's in
your face so you reach for your shades
but you brought the wrong case and if
you keep your other pair in your pocket
or shirt and make the wrong move they
can wind up in the dirt well if you need
to carry two pair of eyeglasses now it's
easy with handy eyes the ingenious
eyeglass case that holds two pairs right
in the same place
regular eyeglass cases are too bulky for
pockets and purses and flimsy cases
can't protect your expensive eye wear
but handy eyes sturdy design protects
your glasses and holds two pair in one
case so it takes up half the space and
the soft cushioned lining protects your
lenses from getting scratched there's
even a velcro strap that allows you to
attach handy eyes right to your belt so
you can always have your regular glasses
and your sunglasses right at hand
available in black or brown leather so
it's right at home whether you're
dressed casual or going out for a
special night on the town
great for sporting events so you can
keep your sunglasses and your reading
glasses right at hand switch from one
pair to the other so you can easily see
the menu at restaurants so why carry
around two big cases well now one case
holds a pair of good eyeglass case then
only holds one pair of glasses can cost
as much as $70 but call now and you'll
receive handy eyes in your choice of
black or brown for just 1499 as a bonus
you'll also get our solar-powered
keychain light always ready to give you
the extra light you need whenever and
wherever you need it and it's yours free
but wait call right now and you can
double the entire offer just pay
separate shipping and handling that's
right you get to ante eyes cases and two
solar-powered keychain lights all for
only $14.99
you